Also we let's use use effect here to load all the categories from our back in which will give us the
array of categories.
So yeah, let's bring in use effect to use effect.
And then we can use that here.
Use effect.
So we want to run this one, the common man, so we can execute a function called let's get categories
that will fit all the categories from our back end using use.
Virtually trial
and error.
Okay.
So let's make sure we have access so it's okay to do we have.
All right, so let's try to make a request.
Contests.
Districts start up from excuse starts and get make a good trick with two categories less the endpoint.
And that is all we need now.
Sit.
And it carries data.
It's created this in our state.
I think we don't have it, so let's use it.
Const categories said categories was used.
All right.
So we put the categories.
It.
Categories.
Key categories.
Okay.
So that should give us the all the categories in the state so we can have a look at that.
Let's do that right here.
Some list of categories here.
Let me just use this in a string of fine categories.
No.
Let's give the value for.
That will make it more readable.
Let's have a look.
And you can see here.
Beautiful.
So we have got all the categories.
Awesome.
Instead of saying it like this, obviously we can show them in a list.
And that list component is something I have used here in the feast for the deacons here.
It's a nice simple list items and we can show the links for edit into it as well.
So let's use the similar list component from and design.
So for that, let me just import.
At least.
From end.
Then.
Instead of this one, this remote that I'm going to use list.
To list.
It requires a couple of things.
If you're new to this one, which you might be, you might want to check out the documentation over
list.
So this is how we want to render.
And you can see the sample and how you can be more flexible again.
So the images and against the title bit of a description down here.
So with this kind of layout we're going to use, but later is really another other section of the application.
So you can see they have a ray of data, just like we have an array of categories.
So they have already offered to simply see the first item.
Second item.
So these are the items they are rendering here in this list.
So this is how this list works.
Actually, this is the self-closing component.
So you can have the header and footrests so you can see a different component or some just this team
of a development tag and so header and further if you want which is look something like this one here
and footer in our case we don't need that we just need to list out the items so we don't need that.
Border that you can use that will give you the borders.
And basically all we need is these two things the data shows, I guess, in your array of data.
So that is important.
That's data source and how you want to.
So render item.
And this is just like using a map map function to map through the items.
That's the most common way of rendering items in React.
If we were not using next year.
Right.
Sorry.
If we're not using and.
So you can see render item.
It's basically arrow functions.
This is the argument.
You give it you give it get the item.
It's item from the data it's item.
And each item is rendered to you in this list item component and they have to use typographic, but
you can just use a paragraph one has to anything.
All right.
So let's give it a try.
So data source and render item, these are the important ones.
So here.
And data source that is.
Categories enlisted write and render item.
Rain, Ryan.
So it should be called express sovereign right and basically is our function.
So we used our function.
So this data source the categories.
So we get each item, each category we get here again, we render that so we can render any way we like.
So we can use paragraph de, symbol B together and we can use that.
You could use the typography from and design, which basically means the same thing.
And we can use the border as well.
So, yeah.
Each item lets you use the item.
Don't.
Let's see what data we get in the categories.
We have the names load created.
Basically all we want is name.
Right.
Let's come here and let's render.
And that name.
And let's have a look.
You can see here we have a list of categories.
Beautiful.
Now let's make it bordered.
Actually, that's how we want it.
It's.
Um.
Least.
Into a list we can actually use listed item to render these things to render our.
Let's remove.
The.
Peter.
And let's use Listerine.
Just like you see in the official docs as well.
Lister I am so.
He is that.
And here we can.
So.
The category name soon list dot item.
Don't matter.
You're going to use this on Israel.
And then here you can show.
This is a self-closing component.
Title you can give.
I don't.
I see that we are too.
You can display.
Next one is we want to show these two icons for edit and delete the right to do the right end here.
Right.
So for that, actually, let's use one more thing that is called item layout, item layout.
We use horizontal.
That just doesn't make a difference.
Okay.
So let's show these two.
Text to allow the user to edit and delete to that one we can put right here.
Inside that is inside here you can have access away and in this area you have the access for example,
edit and doing so and the text this one to edit.
Next one we can have.
Delete this copy that pasted down.
If in fact, we're not going to use history of ammo, then.
Let me remove this one.
So we go to these times, edit and delete.
I see here.
Let's make it all lowercase.
And when you when you click on this edit and do it again until we can execute some functions to implement
the edit and did it features what for the moment let's just leave it like that and have a look.
Okay.
So we got the category name, we got the edit and delete.
They didn't do anything at the moment, but we will obviously execute a function to do certain things.
So it's not looking good on the thing is we have to fix the layout so they should be pushed to the right
end.
Right.
So let's have a look here.